README.md, before:

# CppConsoleProjects
Collection of C++ Console Engine / Other smaller projects, done for practice and for fun


## Worms
Simple Worms game with 4 teams, one controlled by the player and the three others controlled by an AI. 
### Controls: 
[A / D] - Move crosshair
[X] - Jump in crossahair direction
[Space] - Charge your weapon. Let go to shoot at the current charge level

![Worms](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/worms.png?raw=true)

## Racing
Simple racing game where the aim is to get the best lap time.
### Controls: 
[UP] - Accelerate car
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Move car left and right on the track

![Racing](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/racing.png?raw=true)

## Asteroids
Works like the original Asteroids game. Shoot asteroids without getting hit to get more points.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN] - Accelerate and decelerate the spaceship
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Rotate the spaceship
[Space] - Shoot bullets

![Asteroids](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/asteroids.png?raw=true)

## First Person Game
Walk around a 3D-like first person maze.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN] - Move forward and backward
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Turn left and right
[Q / E] - Strafe left and right

![First Person Game](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/consoleFPS.png?raw=true)

## Splines
Display drawing of splines using points, and move a model around them in constant speed.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN / LEFT / RIGHT] - Move currently selected point around the screen
[X / Z] - Change which point is currently selected
[A / D] - Move the model on the spline

![Splines](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/splines.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

Update README.md. Add engine3d.png

README.md, after:

# CppConsoleProjects
Collection of C++ Console Engine / Other smaller projects, done for practice and for fun

## Console 3D Engine
3D Graphics Engine built to run and render on the Command Prompt. 
Currently features loading of OBJ files, moving around the scene using a camera, triangle culling, rendering and rasterizing triangles with simple shading, Clipping triangles at the edges of the screen.
### Controls: 
[A / D] - Rotate Camera
[W / S] - Move Camera forward and backward
[Arrow Keys] - Move Camera left, right, up and down
![3DEngine](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/engine3d.png?raw=true)

## Worms
Simple Worms game with 4 teams, one controlled by the player and the three others controlled by an AI. 
### Controls: 
[A / D] - Move crosshair
[X] - Jump in crossahair direction
[Space] - Charge your weapon. Let go to shoot at the current charge level

![Worms](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/worms.png?raw=true)

## Racing
Simple racing game where the aim is to get the best lap time.
### Controls: 
[UP] - Accelerate car
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Move car left and right on the track

![Racing](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/racing.png?raw=true)

## Asteroids
Works like the original Asteroids game. Shoot asteroids without getting hit to get more points.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN] - Accelerate and decelerate the spaceship
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Rotate the spaceship
[Space] - Shoot bullets

![Asteroids](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/asteroids.png?raw=true)

## First Person Game
Walk around a 3D-like first person maze.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN] - Move forward and backward
[LEFT / RIGHT] - Turn left and right
[Q / E] - Strafe left and right

![First Person Game](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/consoleFPS.png?raw=true)

## Splines
Display drawing of splines using points, and move a model around them in constant speed.
### Controls: 
[UP / DOWN / LEFT / RIGHT] - Move currently selected point around the screen
[X / Z] - Change which point is currently selected
[A / D] - Move the model on the spline

![Splines](https://github.com/jesnuka/CppConsoleProjects/blob/main/img/splines.png?raw=true)
